How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Viewing the diff between two versions of file helps to find bug as it can 
help to find out which lines were modified or added or removed.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Having an entire history of a file can help to switch easily to the previous
version of a file or find bug using history of file or to compare to versions of 
the same file.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros: 1. Manually choosing when to create a commit can be useful as it will
reduce the number of unnecessary commits.
2. Bugs can be found out easily

Cons: 1. There might be chances that sometimes a programmer might forget to 
commit and later if the programmer wants to find out what changes were made,
the might have to later spend time figuring out where the changes were made.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Git allow saving multiple files in one commit because sometimes a change in 
a file should be seen in the other files as well which are related to the file 
changed. This feature helps the user by reducing time to make changes in all the 
related files and thus it helps in saving time.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log is used to see the different commits on a file and also provides 
commit ids that can be used to check the changes that are been made between
commits using the git diff command.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Version control can prove to be really helpful as the programmer has no longer 
have to worry about the bugs that are introduced during the process of modification.
Switching between the versions of a file due to version control is easy and the programmer 
thus will be more confident as he knows that all the versions of a file are present. 

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I would like to code a project 